[Music]
she
through my tree
she writes now next to me she's evening
she's taking my heart she doesn't know
what she's done
in my
money closely can
she's my mommy
II just to believe
she's like a way
[Music]
money clothes to me
just a fool to really
she's like away
[Music]
well this was luscious it has no
torturing your interpretation was right
there we should have it huh there's a
few things you have to watch your arms
yeah don't work them about especially in
the room but make sure you extend them
and you use them give it she was trying
to hit rented yeah yeah times were
exactly on the rumba and the hip action
as well again as we said earlier on use
the foot goes through the foot through
the first okay all right as much as
she's okay great okay the the dance of
lust it has to be said you do have the
sex factor and that's amazing you dance
very very well together beautiful back
and great recovery by the way we're
getting your dress out because I did it
double meal position oh he got caught
with that never comes when I wear things
like that right are they shut up and
look at Oh jelly and as you said people
know and love you for your warm smile
your beautiful body but I love you
because of your feet and Bruno is wrong
you use your feet you know she didn't
leave humble if she did she eat yes the
beautiful thing I love you and use them
in the Batman I've never looked you know
please before ok well
I'll tell you often and you must think
you've died and gone to heaven right in
the smoke detectors don't circle you are
a very good dancer you've just got to
work on just these little refinements a
little bit more hip action a little bit
more firstly in you are tender but you
are a really good dance
[Applause]